thank you
welcome back to Jimmy Kimmel sucks
I'm Matt Damon your host and in case you
haven't noticed I've hijacked Jimmy
Kimmel show now on the show tomorrow
night
Nicki Minaj Josh Bowman and
unfortunately for you Jimmy Kimmel will
be back tomorrow morning Jimmy's getting
a star on the Walk of Fame but let's not
get focused on the negative because
tonight Sheryl Crow is my band leader
[Applause]
Andy Garcia is my demo
and later on I have a fun surprise for
Jimmy a special guest who has not been
here since I think since she and Jimmy
broke up Matt Damon
she's Matt Damon I'm not imagining it to
you yeah
his ex-girlfriend Sarah Silverman will
be here good times right how you doing
over there Jimmy I'm just kidding I
don't get me hey
Jimmy wait let me ask you something have
you ever had a Nicole Kidman on your
show no well that's that's too bad
ladies and gentlemen her new movie
Stoker comes out March 1st please
welcome Academy Award winner Nicole
Kidman
[Applause]
[Music]
welcome welcome this is really classing
up the place here now no no do it
but you've never done this show why not
he's just he's not classy yeah I know
you're right and he's just one of those
talk shows like they ask these really
lame questions I'm not gonna do that I'm
not gonna do that
let me just ask you one thing could you
just tell us one thing that that nobody
knows about you since I was a little
girl I have had a problem I steal I'm a
kleptomaniac
I just little things not not you know
important things I have a few little
things that I literally come backstage
yeah that is I'm and I'm there's other
stuff but I'll keep it quiet for now
look I just want to say thank you for
sharing that that's really no it's
wonderful that's really brave find a guy
that you can tell anything to right
[Applause]
that's just it's so brave that you would
share that you know with me I really um
cuz I love you well thank you I love you
tuna oh I would love to work with you I
would I would love to work with you
almost I'm such a huge fan who else
would you love to work with no seriously
III have you know when you think of
actors like no not him I mean I love
Gary Oldman but he's one of the best
[Applause]
[Music]